README.md, before:

# Spoken-Analytics-System

## Setting up the project
* Create a virtual environment in recently created directory and activate it:
```
python3 -m venv env
source env/bin/activate ( for linux )
```

* Clone the repository and enter to the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/Spoken-tutorial/Spoken-Analytics-System.git
cd Spoken-Analytics-System
```

* Switch to branch "arish"
```
git checkout arish
```


* Next, install the dependencies using pip:
```
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt 
```

* Change analytics_system/config.py-exp to analytics_system/config.py and change the configuration of databases

* Restore the mongo dump
```
mongorestore --db logs --verbose \path\dump\<dumpfolder>
```

* Make migrations and migrate the database
```
python3 manage.py makemigraions
python3 manage.py migrate --database=default
```

* Go to file in env/lib/python3.6/site-packages/djongo/models/fields.py and change the line no 91 to
```
for field in self.model_container._meta._get_fields(reverse = False):
```
(mind the underscores)
This is to be done because there is bug in djongo in latest release.

* After that you have to run temp_daily, temp_weekly, temp_monthly, temp_yearly, temp_calcAvg, temp_eventStats, temp_fossStats, temp_visitorActivityStats, temp_visitorPathStats, temp_pageViewActivityStats and temp_pageViewActivityStats files in the shell so that stats can be calculated. 
```
python3 manage.py shell < temp_daily.py
python3 manage.py shell < temp_weekly.py
...

```

(These files contain the same code as in logsUtil_* files but logsUtil_* files run from celery at regular intervals).

* Finally, you’re ready to start the development server:
```
python manage.py runserver
```

Visit http://127.0.0.1:8000/dashboard in your browser to get to visualization page.

* Note : 
You can only see the visualization of dashboard page, events, event analysis, foss, visitor activity, visitor path page, came from activity and page view activity till now, because data for other pages is not being calculated yet.

Commit message:

add documentation, fixed bugs and refactor code

README.md, after:

# Spoken-Analytics-System

## Setting up the project
* Create a virtual environment in recently created directory and activate it:
```
python3 -m venv env
source env/bin/activate ( for linux )
```

* Clone the repository and enter to the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/Spoken-tutorial/Spoken-Analytics-System.git
cd Spoken-Analytics-System
```

* Switch to branch "arish"
```
git checkout arish
```


* Next, install the dependencies using pip:
```
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt 
```

* Change analytics_system/config.py-exp to analytics_system/config.py and change the configuration of databases

* Restore the mongo dump
```
mongorestore --db logs --verbose \path\dump\<dumpfolder>
```

* Make migrations and migrate the database
```
python3 manage.py makemigraions
python3 manage.py migrate --database=default
```

* Go to file in env/lib/python3.6/site-packages/djongo/models/fields.py and change the line no 91 to
```
for field in self.model_container._meta._get_fields(reverse = False):
```
(mind the underscores)
This is to be done because there is bug in djongo in latest release.

* After that you have to run (in the shell) all the files present in calculation_scripts directory so that stats can be calculated. 
Note : First five files should be run in the same order given below.
```
python3 manage.py shell < temp_dailyStats.py
python3 manage.py shell < temp_weeklyStats.py
python3 manage.py shell < temp_monthlyStats.py
python3 manage.py shell < temp_yearlyStats.py
python3 manage.py shell < temp_averageStats.py
...

```

* Finally, you’re ready to start the development server:
```
python manage.py runserver
```

Visit http://127.0.0.1:8000/dashboard in your browser to get to visualization page.
